Valkey name in README.md in the 7.2 release (#279)
valkey-io/valkey: README.md

This README is just a fast *quick start* document. You can find more detailed documentation at [valkey.io](https://valkey.io/)

What is Valkey?
---------------

> Valkey is an open source fork of Redis OSS, created at the point where Redis switched to a proprietary license.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Valkey is an open source fork of Redis OSS, created at the point where Redis switched to a source-available license.
```
Some people nitpick about this.

Author: Then I will nit-pick that source-available doesn't imply that it's non-open-source, which is want the text to say.

Reviewer: Then, "switched away form an open-source license" is precise.

> Valkey is often referred to as a *data structures* server. What this means is that Valkey provides access to mutable data structures via a set of commands, which are sent using a *server-client* model with TCP sockets and a simple protocol. So different processes can query and modify the same data structures in a shared way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Valkey can be thought of as a distributed data structure server.
Valkey provides access to mutable data structures via a set of commands, which are sent using a *server-client* model.
This allows different servers or processes to query and modify the same data structures in a shared way.
```

> Data structures implemented into Valkey have a few special properties:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Valkey data structures have a few special properties:
```

> * Valkey cares to store them on disk, even if they are always served and modified into the server memory. This means that Valkey is fast, but that it is also non-volatile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Valkey can be configured store copies of the data on disk, even if they are always served and modified in memory. This means that Valkey is fast, but can also durably store the data.
```

Author: I didn't write this text. Just changed redis to valkey. (It's probably antirez wordings, which I quite like.)

Reviewer: I guess I wanted to delete it because I disliked the original wording, but I guess you just want to re-add it?

Author: What i did is i just edited this file on the 7.2 branch. I didn't compare to what's on unstable.

how to use Redis with TLS.
how to use Valkey with TLS.

Playing with Redis
Playing with Valkey
------------------

You can use redis-cli to play with Redis. Start a redis-server instance,
You can use valkey-cli to play with Valkey. Start a valkey-server instance,
then in another terminal try the following:

    % cd src
    % ./redis-cli
    redis> ping
    % ./valkey-cli
    127.0.0.1:6379> ping
    PONG
    redis> set foo bar
    127.0.0.1:6379> set foo bar
    OK
    redis> get foo
    127.0.0.1:6379> get foo
    "bar"
    redis> incr mycounter
    127.0.0.1:6379> incr mycounter
    (integer) 1
    redis> incr mycounter
    127.0.0.1:6379> incr mycounter
    (integer) 2
    redis>
    127.0.0.1:6379>

You can find the list of all the available commands at https://redis.io/commands.
You can find the list of all the available commands at https://valkey.io/commands.

Installing Redis
Installing Valkey
-----------------

In order to install Redis binaries into /usr/local/bin, just use:
In order to install Valkey binaries into /usr/local/bin, just use:

    % make install

You can use `make PREFIX=/some/other/directory install` if you wish to use a
different destination.

> _Note_: For compatibility with Redis, we create symlinks from the Redis names (`redis-server`, `redis-cli`, etc.) to the Valkey binaries installed by `make install`.

Reviewer 2: Maybe Redis should be used here.
